Xi Shao was very satisfied with your performance yesterday
Ordered early this morning
I gave birth to you as the second-in-command of our content department
true or false?
And not only that.
Sheesha also said
Governor Xuanyuan wants to be in his mansion
Hold a famous feast
Let you go too
Congratulations to the summer pig.
Summer pig is really promising
Can you take us with you later?
Governor Xuanyuan held a feast today
Let's pick up Xi Shao
Especially his girlfriend, Miss Xia
Let's go to the presidential palace together for a feast
Where is Miss Xia?
Miss Xia, I am here
Lily, you have so much face
Manifesto Governor Venerable
No one in the whole river city
Not only raise him
Now he's coming to pick you up in person
It seems that even the governor knows about the lily
You are the one that Xi Shao puts on the top of his heart
Rumor has it that the Governor's Palace is extraordinary
Lily, can you take us to open our eyes?
Young lady
The Miss Xia they are talking about should be Xia Zhu
Are you crazy?
He actually compared this young lady to Xia Zhu
He's a stinky part-time worker
It is also worthy of accepting the invitation of the Presidential Palace
Since today is a rare opportunity
Then let's take you to see the world
Come on.